This is a cross sectional study conducted among the college students through a questionnaire with 10 questions. The sample size of the study was 100 and the questionnaire elicited responses on various aspects of cyber-crime on social media or online entertainment platforms. results were tabulated and statistically analyzed. No questions were skipped in this survey. In the analyzed results we are able to understand that the people will get to know more about the cyber-crime on social media.In this survey it was observed that 93% of the people are aware of cyber-crime on social media (fig1). 81% of the people do not experience any cyber-attack (fig 2). 47% answered insufficient protection of data; 31% answered lack of antivirus in the system; 18% answered malware; 8% answered perverse mind set of hackers for the reason of increase in cyber-attack (fig 3). 11% answered severe mental stress; 9% answered depression; 19% answered loss of privacy; 61% answered all of the above for the thought of impact of cyber-attack (fig 4). 76% are aware of cyber bullying (fig 5). 37% are not aware on how to contact the cyber-crime police in case of bullying (fig 6). 82% trust the cyber-crime department (fig 7). 51% are thought of threatening customers in business; 16% thought of denial of agreement in business and 33% do not have any thought of above (fig 8). 74% want to undergo any educational courses regarding protection from cyber-attack; 12% did attend to any courses; 14% have no thoughts about certain courses (fig 9). 51% answered police; 28% answered private security agency; 16% answered non-governmental agency (NGO); 6% answered amateur bloggers for agency trusting in managing cyber-attacks (fig 10) This survey has given information about the people's awareness on cyber-crime. The questionnaire has a question relating to crime regarding the trust of the police department in cyber-crime. At the end of the session, it was understood that the subjects trusted the police department. The other few questions which were put forward in this questionnaire was if there was a personal attack or bullying by the help of cyber-crime which most of them answered in the positive way that the complaint would be cyber-crime office. The next question was regarding the increase of cyber-attacks in social media. The majority of the people answering there was insufficient protection of data but when you see this situation there is always a third factor involved which is waiting to hack or cheat or retrieve personal data for cyber-crime for personal use. The other questionnaire was regarding the impact of cyber-attack on the people which most of the people had answered the privacy was lost, mental depression and anguish which in turn leads to serve mental stress. The results have been discussed on these four sectors that the person is mentally and physically derived from office personal data and also losing their money in this form. There is a moderate level of awareness and knowledge regarding cyber-crime among the participants, it is recommended that courses regarding cyber-crimes can be conducted by the department of cyber-crime with the initiation of government in all institutions as most of the students are using the internet for all their banking purposes. 